support more controller manager params for helm charts install (#115)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/install-function-mesh.md

   2. Install Function Mesh Operator.

        There are some parameters for the Function Mesh Operator, and you can customize them for a particular purpose. 
        The following table lists the configurable parameters of the operator and their default values.
        | Parameters | Description | Default|
        |--         |--           |--       |

>         |enable-leader-election| Whether contorller-manager should enable leader-election| true|

Author: In my opinion, we should use `function-mesh-controller-manager` to replace `Function Mesh Controller Manager ` because the name of deployment is `function-mesh-controller-manager` and the parameters are the config of this deployment.
<img width="586" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7600925/161248656-56240a8a-45a2-4e30-9def-cc28b451f2b6.png">

        | enable-pprof |Whether controller-manager should enable pprof| false|
        |pprof-addr|The addr of pprof|:8090|
        |metrics-addr| The addr of metrics|:8080|

>         | health-probe-addr|The addr of health probe|:8000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `health-probe-addr`|The address of the health probe. |:8000|
```

>         |config-file| The config file of controller-manager|/etc/config/config.yaml|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        |`config-file`| The config file of the Function Mesh Controller Manager. |/etc/config/config.yaml|
```

>         For example, if you want to enable `pprof` for the operator, set the `pprof.enable` to `true` in the `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For example, if you want to enable `pprof` for the Function Mesh Operator, set the `pprof.enable` to `true` in the `values.yaml` file.
```

   2. Install Function Mesh Operator.

>         There are some params for the Function Mesh Operator, and user can customize them for particular purpose.For example, if user want to enable `pprof` for the operator, modify the `pprof.enable` to `true` in values.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        There are some parameters for the Function Mesh Operator, and you can customize them for a particular purpose. For example, if you want to enable `pprof` for the operator, set the `pprof.enable` to `true` in the `values.yaml` file.
```
BTW, could you specify which parameters are available? The word "some" here is not clear enough. And, which release does this update belongs to?
